>> Scott Moss: That was
a really good exercise.
I think that was one of my favorite
ones because interfaces and
unions are crazy but
they're also pretty legit.
So, let's walk through this solution
of how I might have solved it.
So, let me check out to lesson-3-solution
here and see what we got.
So for the actual GraphQL part
let's check out the task.
So here's what I did for the interface.
So for the task.graphQL,
I decided to make a interface and
I think the instructions
it did say interface, and
obviously I did this one because all
these fields are so similar to a task.
And a couple reasons you could've found
this out was one, it's in the description.
It was in the instructions there but
if you go look at the task.model,
you can kinda see, like, a lot of these
fields are actually lined up with
the fields on grapheQL itself.
>> Scott Moss: So
if you look at the task model
there's a name, there's a name.
There is a project, there's a project.
There's a status that is a enum type, and
there's a status here that's
also enum type IMAGO.
So a lot of it lines up.
So, if we were going to make multiple
tasks based off tasks,
we know that they have similar fields.
So, that's kind of how you know that this
is an interface where it's starting to
line up the same way as a database.
So that's the interface here,
and then as far as the types
that implement that interface,
we have the dev task and the design task.
Before up here on the task type,
they were filled to have comments on them.
So this one's for dev,
this one's for design.
Those were the specific fields that you
would have had to add on the dev task and
the design task.
So you got this repo one here,
and you got this design, or
this assetUrl here for DesignTask.
And if you do some due diligence, and
you looked up what this Repo one was,
did anyone actually get this working?
>> Student: I did.
>> Scott Moss: Did you see what it does?
>> Student: I have no idea what Repo does.
>> Scott Moss: All right, okay, yeah,
that one does some call to GitHub and
resolves things for you, and we'll get to
that later but yeah if you looked into
it you might have answered the problem.
Any questions on the task interface?
No, all right, and
then for the resolvers for
the task interface we had to make
the result type what's basically,
its pretty simple,
there's a type property on a task.
It's either dev or design and we know that
to be true because if we go to task.ql,
it's using a task type enom
which is either dev or design.
So we know task needs to be a type
of design or a type of dev and
that's how we're able to split off
that interface to different types.
So, that's all I'm checking here.
Let me look at the type.
If it is Dev, return DevTask.
If it's design, return design tasks.
Done, and then for the search,
I think you had an option here
to do interface or union.
I chose union.
Did anyone choose interface here?
Why not?
Because I did the search
example with a union?
[LAUGH] Are you always going to do it
like that, yeah I got to make sense.
Yeah you could have done a union here but
it's probably better to do a search here
because you got this project,
which if you squint at it,
it will have similar fields as these
other two, but it is not the same.
I think the only thing that our project
has that is similar is the ID of the name
like that's it, maybe the description.
I do not know the types of descriptions.
Yeah, they do, okay.
Yeah, there are some similarities there,
but the task has some many other
things associated with it and
you don't want to make another interface
that implements a Project,
a DevTask, and a DesignTask.
You have to write all those over again,
when you can just write
this union on one line.
That's the other difference
between unions too.
Look how easy this was to implement,
because I don't have to declare common
fields, but you gotta note the difference
between the two when you query,
which is what I'll show you in a minute.
So we're under the search.
We're gonna pass the search result non,
no, or an array that's not no.
And then as far as the resolver, for
the resolve type,
there's basically just two levels here.
If there is a type then
we know it's a task and
if it is a task then it either has
to be a dev task or a design task.
If there is no type then it's
a project and that's the logic there.
Did anybody do something different here?
I mean, there's a lot of fields on the
task so I'm sure you could have done a lot
of different things.
>> Student2: I actually did string
manipulation on the type.
>> Student3: I considered that.
>> Scott Moss: Yeah, you could do that.
[LAUGH] Whatever works.
Cuz you have the whole object here,
cool so
we're able to run this.
>> Scott Moss: I
think I got some stuff in the database
here, let's check it out.
>> Scott Moss: And we do a search.
>> Scott Moss: And name, yeah.
This one actually does do a real search.
I don't know if I have anything
in here but that, let's see.
So because we used a union, I can't type
in any common fields here, all right?
So that's the difference.
If we used an interface and had common
fields, I can type them in right now and
they would show up, but we did a union,
so there are no common fields.
So you immediately have to do a fragment.
That's the other difference too.
So, even though our project has a name and
a dev task has a name,
I can't just come up here and
say name, because I didn't declare
those common, with an interface.
I did a union.
So they're all different,
even though they're the same.
That could be helpful,
it could also not be helpful because
a name on a project might be a stream, but
a name on a DevTask might be an object.
So, how do you know?
So, that's why I said it could be helpful,
it could also not be helpful,
it really depends on how
you monitor your data.
It can get pretty crazy.
So yeah do that.
I don't have anything called MVP.